Welcome back everyone to this lecture on adamant templates.
Now for projects where other users will have access to the admin page.
Not just yourself the person who created the Web site you may want to add some customization to the
admin templates.
That way when they log in it looks a little nicer it's more related to the actual web site etc..
So to do this you can overwrite template punched him elf files that are associated with the Admin Pages
in order for that to work.
You must have the correct template name and directory structure.
Finding the file names that are correct involves looking around jingoes open source code on get hub.
So what we're going to do is we're going to create that directory structure and then find a template
name from get hub will kind of walk you through the whole process.
Then afterwards once we have that template we're going to copy and paste the ASTM file into our code
and change the template however we want.
Let's get started by jumping over to our editor and setting up the directory structure.
OK so in your project directory where you have your project directory your project folder and then your
application folder what you're going to have right underneath the project directory.
At the very top level you're going to add a new folder and you're going to call it templates.
And then under that new templates folder you're going to create a subfolder called admin and this is
where you can copy and paste template HTL files that are associate of the admin and essentially overwrite
the original admin template files.
Now to show you what these template file should be named.
We're going to hop over to our browser and walk you through the Django documentation or open source
code.
Just a little bit.
Let's open my browser and head over to jingoes page.
OK so here I am at get help dot com slash jingoes slash Django.
And this is all the open source code for Django.
And we actually need to play around this a little bit and find where the admin template files are.
So let me go ahead and show you how you can find them.
Your first going to come to this Django folder.
Let me zoom in just a little bit here so it's kind of clear what we're looking at.
You'll come over to Jane go with that load up and then underneath jingo you'll scroll down to see contrib.
Click on that and then you'll find Adam in here and then under admin you'll find the templates folder.
So this templates folder is where you have registration admin to the Pentagon which you kind of want
to play around with.
You can edit those too as well but we are just adding the admin page right now so we'll click on that.
And this is why we had to have that specific directory structure templates underscore admen because
essentially we're going to be overwriting one of the team files and for now we can overwrite the base
site h l.
That's the very first page you see so if you hit that and click on open a new tab you'll see here that
it says extends from Adam in base that age female and essentially just has the index page and the dingo
site admin Hetter page.
Now if you come back here you can see that there's base h t m l and this is the base h tim Alko that
kind of has the styling the links etc. and builds out with a lot of these pages are going to look like.
So if you want to end up doing things like setting the page have certain styles or colors anything with
CSSA or just kind of something that extends to the majority of the pages.
This is the file you kind of want to play around with based that each team.
But we just really want to play around with that very first thing.
So we'll say based site HTL base underscore site that each team will I'm going to copy all of this.
So right click copy and then I'm going to hop over back to my editor see to minimize that and have an
editor right here.
So underneath Addleman I'll create a new file and remember he said the exact same name as what we just
discussed so it's going to be base underscore site that each team will enter.
And now we have this template file.
So then I'm going to just paste it here if I just run this right now nothing is going to change.
So I'm actually going to do is change over the first heading 1.
So you can see heading 1 right now.
It links to the index page of the Ottoman site.
But then it also has this kind of template insert.
So it says here like oh I'm inserting some say a header at default Gengel administrator etc. instead
of doing all that I'm just going to kind of put in my own line here.
So let's delete that.
And let's just have it say something like new Ligers for doing a video store let's do video store admen
then I'm going to save this.
Now that we've gone ahead and edited this based site that reached him we want to make sure that our
settings file is ready to accept any template changes.
So we'll open up our project folder open up settings that pie and as we them before you can actually
just is directly usually had another variable name but instead we're going to do is if you come over
to where it's as templates it is going to search for templates.
There we go and Lotus has directories right now.
MT Salt's go ahead and do the following.
We'll say oh estopped path the join and we're going to join that base directory with templates
so save that and once you have that we should be able to see the new changes in our base site at him.
So we notice that basically Genger already restarted it for me.
So I'll bring in in my browser now with the admin page and if I bring it over you can see now it says
video store admin.
So those are the kind of changes you can make basically anything stylistically that you want to change
or CSSA you're probably better off doing the baseline each small file.
But if you want to change kind of minor things around this kind of index page of base site HTL you can
do that as well.
Now carefully be careful you don't want to change things too much to actually break the functionality.
I would recommend this war for style choices as far as functionality editing word and learn the more
correct ways to do that later on throughout this series of lectures.
All right that's it for this lecture.
I'll see at the next one.